Unitus Seed Fund		PE	Early Stage Domestic Fund	10	First Close	0	4-13-2013	"Unitus Seed Fund is launching a new Rs.50 crore early-stage domestic fund, reports Economic Times Former Infosys senior executive Mohandas Pai and Manipal Group scion Ranjan Pai have cumulatively committed $2 million (Rs.11 crore) to the corpus. The new investment vehicle, to be launched in the second-half of 2013, will look to make equity-linked investments in startups. The fund will look to make 30-40 investments over its life-cycle, with the average ticket size ranging between $50,000 and $100,000. "	http://goo.gl/ldNzL
Aspada Investment Company		Strategic				0	4-13-2013	" Aspada Investment Company has received a $10 million commitment from Soros Economic Development Fund (SEDF). Aspada, led by Kartik Srivatsa and Thomas Hyland, will make both equity and debt-like self-liquidating investments in high growth businesses. The fund seeks to commit $10 million to early stage businesses to make education, healthcare and financial services more accessible to low-income people in India. It will also invest in agricultural supply chain companies in an effort to support small holder farme"	http://www.aspadaadvisors.com/
Caspian Advisors	Caspian Impact Investments Fund	PE	Debt fund	40	Final Close	0	4-13-2013	" Hyderabad-based Caspian Advisors Pvt. Ltd. has launched a $40 million (about Rs.218 crore) debt fund that will invest in sectors such as microfinance, affordable housing and agriculture, reports Mint. 

The Caspian Impact Investments Fund, which has received commitments for about $10 million from a group of investors, has already invested in a Bangalore-based company. Besides the promoters, Dutch development financial institution FMO and private investors Triodos Doen and Hivos-Triodos Fund and Gray Ghost Microfinance Fund are investors in the Caspian fund. Investments will be done through an NBFC called Bellwether Microfinance Fund Pvt. Ltd. Loans will be given at an interest rate of 13-15% or about 2 percentage points above the rate at which commercial banks lend to such companies. "	http://m.livemint.com/Companies/FrdS0oiosKEJbVxb7VjjVP/Caspian-Advisors-launches.html
IIFL Wealth Management	"IIFL Income Opportunities Fund,"	VC	Debt fund	126	Final Close	0	4-13-2013	"IIFL Wealth Management Ltd., an arm of India Infoline Ltd., has raised Rs.628 crore for its IIFL Income Opportunities Fund, the firm’s maiden alternative investment fund (AIF). The new fund is a category II AIF - a close-ended fund not allowed to undertake leverage. It will invest in debt and debt-related instruments of companies to generate periodic cash-flows. No performance fees will be charged on the fund."	http://bit.ly/ZJV2Vp
